=head1 NAME

foo, bar - programs to do something

=head1 SYNOPSIS

A short usage summary.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Long drawn-out discussion of the program. It's a good idea to break this
up into subsections using "=head2" directives, like these:

=head2 A Sample Subsection

=head2 Yet Another Sample Subsection

=head1 OPTIONS

Some people make this separate from the description.

=over 4

=item B<-e>, B<--example-option>=I<value>

=back

=head1 RETURN VALUE

What the program or function returns if successful.

=head1 ERRORS

Return codes, either exit status or errno settings.

=head1 EXAMPLES

Give some example uses of the program.

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

Environment variables this program might care about.

=head1 FILES

All files used by the program. Typical usage is like this:

=over 4

=item F</usr/man>

default man tree

=item F</usr/man/man*/*.*>

unformatted (nroff source) man pages

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

Other man pages to check out, like man(1), man(7), mandb(8), catman(8).

For this example, see pod2man(1) for more details.

=head1 NOTES

Miscellaneous commentary.

=head1 CAVEATS

Things to take special care with, sometimes called WARNINGS.

=head1 DIAGNOSTICS

All the possible error messages the program can print out, what they
mean, and how to correct them if applicable.

=head1 BUGS

Things that are broken or just don't work quite right.

=head1 RESTRICTIONS

Bugs you don't plan to fix. :-)

=head1 AUTHOR

Who wrote it (or AUTHORS if multiple).

This example was constructed by Colin Watson <S<cjwatson@debian.org>>
from a template provided by Tom Christiansen <S<tchrist@jhereg.perl.com>>.

=head1 HISTORY

Programs derived from other sources sometimes have this.
